PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

_Add a clear descriptive title above. This should describe the basics of what the pull request does and should not contain issue numbers. **Note:** Make sure to delete all placeholder italics text. It is here to help you fill out this template, but should not be in the submitted PR._

## Description
_Describe the approach taken to solving the problem, all changes made by the pull request, and any anticipated risks for breaking other work. If the changes made are primarily visual, you should show GIFs or screenshots of your changes._

## Type of Pull Request
Based on the [contributor's guide][contrib-guide], this PR is of type:

- [ ] Development (`feature-branch` -> `dev`)
- [ ] Hotfix (`hotfix-branch` -> `master`)
- [ ] Release (`release-branch` -> `master`)
- [ ] Other

## Requestor Checklist
**Requestor**: Put an `x` in all that apply. You can check boxes after the PR has been made.

**Reviewer**: If you see an item that is not checked that you believe should be, comment on that as part of your review.

- [ ] _Code Quality:_ I have written tests to ensure that my changes work and handle edge cases
- [ ] _Code Quality:_ I have documented my changes thoroughly (using [JSDoc][jsdoc] in Javascript)
- [ ] _Process:_ I have linked to any relevant GitHub issues to this PR including [marking issues][gh-marking-issues] that this PR resolves
- [ ] _Process:_ I have requested reviews from at least as many users as required for the type of PR (2 or 3)
- [ ] _Process:_ I have added this pull request to the relevant quarterly milestone
- [ ] _Process:_ I have tested my changes locally and verified that they resolve the issues they are supposed to
- [ ] _Process:_ **(Hotfixes & Deployments)** I have assigned a user to this PR to handle merging and deployment
- [ ] _Process:_ **(Hotfixes & Deployments)** I have pushed up my changes to [Carpe test][carpe-test] for review and tested my changes there


## Release & Hotfix Checklist
_If this is not a hotfix or release, delete this section._

The assignee should complete this checklist from [deploying Carpe][contrib-guide-deploying] section of the contributor's guide before and after deploying a deployment or hotfix.

- [ ] _Before Release/Hotfix_: I have verified that this PR meets the [requirements for reviews]
- [ ] _Before Release_: I have moved all issuses labelled `development` to `release-candidate`
- [ ] _Before Release_: I have verified the release candidate has been frozen for at least 48 hours
- [ ] _Before Release_: I have verified the release candidate has been in review for at least one week
- [ ] _After Release_: I have removed the `release-candidate` label from all issues marked with it
- [ ] _After Release/Hotfix_: I have created a PR from `master` into `dev` to update dev with changes made on a release/hotfix branch





[contrib-guide]: CONTRIBUTING.md
[contrib-guide-prs]: CONTRIBUTING.md#creating-pull-requests
[contrib-guide-deploying]: CONTRIBUTING.md#deploying-carpe
[gh-marking-issues]: https://help.github.com/articles/closing-issues-using-keywords/
[carpe-test]: https://carpe-test.herokuapp.com/
[jsdoc]: http://usejsdoc.org/about-getting-started.html

Commit message:

PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE: Added Testing Section
Added a section for how the PR has been tested by the reviewer.

PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

_Add a clear descriptive title above. This should describe the basics of what the pull request does and should not contain issue numbers. **Note:** Make sure to delete all placeholder italics text. It is here to help you fill out this template, but should not be in the submitted PR._

## Description
_Describe the approach taken to solving the problem, all changes made by the pull request, and any anticipated risks for breaking other work. If the changes made are primarily visual, you should show GIFs or screenshots of your changes._

## Type of Pull Request
Based on the [contributor's guide][contrib-guide], this PR is of type:

- [ ] Development (`feature-branch` -> `dev`)
- [ ] Hotfix (`hotfix-branch` -> `master`)
- [ ] Release (`release-branch` -> `master`)
- [ ] Other

## Requestor Checklist
**Requestor**: Put an `x` in all that apply. You can check boxes after the PR has been made.

**Reviewer**: If you see an item that is not checked that you believe should be, comment on that as part of your review.

- [ ] _Code Quality:_ I have written tests to ensure that my changes work and handle edge cases
- [ ] _Code Quality:_ I have documented my changes thoroughly (using [JSDoc][jsdoc] in Javascript)
- [ ] _Process:_ I have linked to any relevant GitHub issues to this PR including [marking issues][gh-marking-issues] that this PR resolves
- [ ] _Process:_ I have requested reviews from at least as many users as required for the type of PR (2 or 3)
- [ ] _Process:_ I have added this pull request to the relevant quarterly milestone
- [ ] _Process:_ I have tested my changes locally and verified that they resolve the issues they are supposed to
- [ ] _Process:_ **(Hotfixes & Deployments)** I have assigned a user to this PR to handle merging and deployment
- [ ] _Process:_ **(Hotfixes & Deployments)** I have pushed up my changes to [Carpe test][carpe-test] for review and tested my changes there

## How This Has Been Tested
_Give specific details of how you tested these changes to ensure that they work and don't break other functionality. Details may include device, browser, and what actions/cases you tested._

## Release & Hotfix Checklist
_If this is not a hotfix or release, delete this section._

The assignee should complete this checklist from [deploying Carpe][contrib-guide-deploying] section of the contributor's guide before and after deploying a deployment or hotfix.

- [ ] _Before Release/Hotfix_: I have verified that this PR meets the [requirements for reviews]
- [ ] _Before Release_: I have moved all issuses labelled `development` to `release-candidate`
- [ ] _Before Release_: I have verified the release candidate has been frozen for at least 48 hours
- [ ] _Before Release_: I have verified the release candidate has been in review for at least one week
- [ ] _After Release_: I have removed the `release-candidate` label from all issues marked with it
- [ ] _After Release/Hotfix_: I have created a PR from `master` into `dev` to update dev with changes made on a release/hotfix branch





[contrib-guide]: CONTRIBUTING.md
[contrib-guide-prs]: CONTRIBUTING.md#creating-pull-requests
[contrib-guide-deploying]: CONTRIBUTING.md#deploying-carpe
[gh-marking-issues]: https://help.github.com/articles/closing-issues-using-keywords/
[carpe-test]: https://carpe-test.herokuapp.com/
[jsdoc]: http://usejsdoc.org/about-getting-started.html
