README.md, before:

<img src="app/assets/images/pages/CarpeLetter.png?raw=true" width="100" align="right">

# Carpe [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/vkoves/Carpe.svg?token=Wt2br9iC8tszQJNifjNG&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/vkoves/Carpe)

A socially networked, intuitive calendar created in Ruby on Rails with a jQuery powered front end.

## Setup
Link to first-time setup can be found in the IndigoBox > Carpe Google Drive directory.

## Running Locally
Run with foreman using `foreman start`

Which will run the local server at `localhost:5000`

Alternatively `rails s` can be used to the same effect, but the site will be visible at `localhost:3000`

## Testing Carpe

Carpe is setup with the default testing suite for Ruby, which is [Minitest](https://github.com/seattlerb/minitest). All files related to tests are located in the `test` directory, where you can find fixtures (the data used when running tests), and tests for controllers, models, and helpers, as well as integration tests. To get a good overview of how testing in Rails works, see this [RailsGuides guide](http://guides.rubyonrails.org/testing.html) on the subject.

Carpe also is setup with Travis CI, which automatically runs builds on push or on a pull request being made. You can see the build status at the top of the README, and can click on it to see build progress and logs.

To run all Ruby on Rails tests for Carpe, run `bundle exec rake test` in the Carpe directory.

To run a specific test, run `bundle exec rake test test_file_path`
Ex: `bundle exec rake test test/controllers/event_test.rb`

## Checking Code Quality

At the moment, Carpe uses [Ruby Critic](https://github.com/whitesmith/rubycritic) for code quality checking.

To run Ruby Critic, run `rubycritic` in the Carpe directory.

## Checking Site Speed

Carpe uses [rack-mini-profiler](https://github.com/MiniProfiler/rack-mini-profiler) as a way of understanding site speed and optimizing queries. When running Carpe locally, a site speed badge will show up in the top left, allowing you to explore site speed. On production, this badge is hidden by defualt, and can be made visiblue using *Alt + P*. This shortcut can also be used to hide the profiler when running Carpe locally.

## Previewing Emails

Although it has not been worked on extensively, Carpe is hooked up to SendGrid and has capabilities to send emails. Rails likewise has support for previewing emails through [Action Mailer Previews](https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/master/guides/source/4_1_release_notes.md#action-mailer-previews). Currently you can view all our emails (currenly only an email sent on signup) by going [here](http://localhost:5000/rails/mailers/user_notifier) if you use Foreman as your local server. Otherwise just change the port as you require.

## Deploying Changes

Before deploying changes, make sure to run the automated tests (see _Testing Carpe_) to make sure nothing is broken.

Then to deploy, push to origin and then heroku, like so:

``
git push origin master
`` and then
``
git push heroku master
``

This ensures that the repository is never behind the server, preventing overwriting deployed changes.

## Contributing

An indigoBox member looking to help out with Carpe, but not sure where to start?

We keep track of everything that needs to be done in the *Issues* section of this GitHub, so head over to see all tasks. Check out our upcoming milestones to find priority changes, or sort by labels like *bug* or *help-wanted* to see where you can assist.

Commit message:

Updated README with DB Connection Instructions
Updated README with how to connect to the local and production databases.

README.md, after:

<img src="app/assets/images/pages/CarpeLetter.png?raw=true" width="100" align="right">

# Carpe [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/vkoves/Carpe.svg?token=Wt2br9iC8tszQJNifjNG&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/vkoves/Carpe)

A socially networked, intuitive calendar created in Ruby on Rails with a jQuery powered front end.

## Setup
Link to first-time setup can be found in the IndigoBox > Carpe Google Drive directory.

## Running Locally
Run with foreman using `foreman start`

Which will run the local server at `localhost:5000`

Alternatively `rails s` can be used to the same effect, but the site will be visible at `localhost:3000`

## Testing Carpe

Carpe is setup with the default testing suite for Ruby, which is [Minitest](https://github.com/seattlerb/minitest). All files related to tests are located in the `test` directory, where you can find fixtures (the data used when running tests), and tests for controllers, models, and helpers, as well as integration tests. To get a good overview of how testing in Rails works, see this [RailsGuides guide](http://guides.rubyonrails.org/testing.html) on the subject.

Carpe also is setup with Travis CI, which automatically runs builds on push or on a pull request being made. You can see the build status at the top of the README, and can click on it to see build progress and logs.

To run all Ruby on Rails tests for Carpe, run `bundle exec rake test` in the Carpe directory.

To run a specific test, run `bundle exec rake test test_file_path`
Ex: `bundle exec rake test test/controllers/event_test.rb`

## Checking Code Quality

At the moment, Carpe uses [Ruby Critic](https://github.com/whitesmith/rubycritic) for code quality checking.

To run Ruby Critic, run `rubycritic` in the Carpe directory.

## Checking Site Speed

Carpe uses [rack-mini-profiler](https://github.com/MiniProfiler/rack-mini-profiler) as a way of understanding site speed and optimizing queries. When running Carpe locally, a site speed badge will show up in the top left, allowing you to explore site speed. On production, this badge is hidden by defualt, and can be made visiblue using *Alt + P*. This shortcut can also be used to hide the profiler when running Carpe locally.

## Previewing Emails

Although it has not been worked on extensively, Carpe is hooked up to SendGrid and has capabilities to send emails. Rails likewise has support for previewing emails through [Action Mailer Previews](https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/master/guides/source/4_1_release_notes.md#action-mailer-previews). Currently you can view all our emails (currenly only an email sent on signup) by going [here](http://localhost:5000/rails/mailers/user_notifier) if you use Foreman as your local server. Otherwise just change the port as you require.

## Deploying Changes

Before deploying changes, make sure to run the automated tests (see _Testing Carpe_) to make sure nothing is broken.

Then to deploy, push to origin and then heroku, like so:

``
git push origin master
`` and then
``
git push heroku master
``

This ensures that the repository is never behind the server, preventing overwriting deployed changes.

## Accessing Database

### Local
Locally, Carpe runs off of a database at `db/development.sqlite3`, which is an Sqlite database that you can open using a program called sqliteman. sqliteman is the best way to view and edit the database locally.

### Production
On production, Carpe uses a SQL2 database hosted as a Heroku addon. To access it, you need to install the MySql Workbench, and setup a new connection.

You can find all of the information to connect to the database in the Heroku variable "DATABASE_URL" which is found under Carpe -> Settings -> Config Variables. The DATABASE_URL has the format mysql2://**username**:**password**@**host**/heroku _**appid**?reconnect=true. In SQL Workbench, simply put in the host, username, and password. The default port will work for connecting to the database.

## Contributing

An indigoBox member looking to help out with Carpe, but not sure where to start?

We keep track of everything that needs to be done in the *Issues* section of this GitHub, so head over to see all tasks. Check out our upcoming milestones to find priority changes, or sort by labels like *bug* or *help-wanted* to see where you can assist.
